Update Starting Latitude, Lower Longitude, and README Documentation (#1)
ACCESS-NRI/ocean_model_grid_generator: README.md

Reviewer: I guess we could add instructions to install this from pip? @dougiesquire Shall we add this package to pip ?

- cd extras ; make quick

Examples:

> - To build a grid with a 1/4 degree resolution that omits the southern cap, ensures an even number of latitude points, and creates a bipolar grid below 65°N. The grid transitions to a Mercator projection from 75°S to 65°N, matching the grid spacing to that of the Southern Ocean. Additionally, the grid is shifted to align the equator with a u-point:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To build a grid with a 1/4 degree nominal resolution that omits the southern cap, ensures an even number of latitude points, and creates a bipolar grid north of 65°N. The grid transitions to a Mercator projection from 75°S to 65°N, matching the grid spacing to that of the Southern Ocean. Additionally, the grid is shifted to align the equator with a u-point:
```
